Mary Kastner: I am Marie, Mary. How are you
AnnMarie Terranova: Are you
Mary Kastner: Good. You have your you have your video, you can put on
AnnMarie Terranova: Trying to survive. That's not. No. No.
Mary Kastner: There we go.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: How are things settling out for you.
Whoo.
AnnMarie Terranova: good days and bad days, I guess.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you still getting
Past.
AnnMarie Terranova: Oh,
AnnMarie Terranova: No. Well, there's a lot of work still being thrown my way, but
AnnMarie Terranova: I'm doing it from home, which makes it at least a little better. So
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so you don't have all the non verbal stuff going on.
AnnMarie Terranova: Exactly, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Her coming over and standing over you and all that kind of stuff.
AnnMarie Terranova: Well, luckily,
AnnMarie Terranova: It's
AnnMarie Terranova: It's too long of a story, but I actually, the people that are
AnnMarie Terranova: Technically on the company that we started the investors.
AnnMarie Terranova: I've never actually physically worked with them, just the weirdest part of it all. It was just
The
AnnMarie Terranova: Someone who's my age, actually, and
AnnMarie Terranova: Greatest just get no silver spoon in his mouth.
AnnMarie Terranova: Them had
AnnMarie Terranova: Never been told, No one so willing to kind of lost the battle of
AnnMarie Terranova: Giving my job to his best friend's wife at a much higher paying salary.
AnnMarie Terranova: Than that mine is
AnnMarie Terranova: On the bus. Yeah. So, so now
AnnMarie Terranova: So yeah, it was
AnnMarie Terranova: It was just non stop.
AnnMarie Terranova: It was awful but
AnnMarie Terranova: Let's see, it's not that
AnnMarie Terranova: I am the only employee that has to
AnnMarie Terranova: We received an SBA loan.
AnnMarie Terranova: For the company which honestly makes me
AnnMarie Terranova: A little unhappy only because we were still working and turning a profit. And so those SBA, most of the small businesses. I think ship on to somebody else, but
AnnMarie Terranova: We were told to keep our payroll up. And so my boss that a mixture. You know, you turn in your own time, because I know you burn you.
AnnMarie Terranova: Sorry there.
Mary Kastner: That's okay.
Okay.
AnnMarie Terranova: Do we really push it and then take to get invoices in and
AnnMarie Terranova: We have insurance office. So stuff like that going on now. So I said, Okay, you know, if they told us to keep our payroll up and I said, okay, he won't return my over time. You can save. Yeah, so
AnnMarie Terranova: I'm the only employee at it's like 30 and they all have, I mean 20 plus to like 35 hours of overtime and I think I had like 12 when mine was feeling was like questions or even. I mean, I had to have an account for every minute that those are time
AnnMarie Terranova: We're done.
AnnMarie Terranova: So,
AnnMarie Terranova: It's just, I'm for some reason the exception of with him. I don't know why.
Mary Kastner: So I've started kind of
AnnMarie Terranova: brushing up on my resume and kind of looking around, but don't want to post it publicly because if they work to see that if those investors that's ownership or see that the media. We look to replace so
AnnMarie Terranova: So that's I think I'm pretty
AnnMarie Terranova: This isn't the
AnnMarie Terranova: Adventure that we all kind of thought that we were getting into when when it started.
AnnMarie Terranova: And
AnnMarie Terranova: I'm
AnnMarie Terranova: Definitely realizing that and I made shorter
AnnMarie Terranova: This you know I should be looking for longevity.
AnnMarie Terranova: Some company that wants to invest as much money as it within them and
AnnMarie Terranova: And I'm fortunate enough to have a family that has allowed me to, you know, come back and stay with them, you know, once my husband and I split up because cyclically
AnnMarie Terranova: Before as the saloon right now to be on
Mary Kastner: Wow, working with that. Yeah.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So did we able to connect
Mary Kastner: With any of our therapists to set up an individual appointment I know he didn't want group.
AnnMarie Terranova: Know, is that something I i know you put that I
AnnMarie Terranova: I listened to the impression that
AnnMarie Terranova: I would get a call, but
Mary Kastner: Let me see what happened to that and I thought I had requested that, but maybe I
Mary Kastner: Yeah, so
Where
AnnMarie Terranova: Did you find any increase in in the antidepressant any help.
Mary Kastner: In any
Mary Kastner: Better for you.
AnnMarie Terranova: Honest. I haven't noticed a difference.
AnnMarie Terranova: I will
Mary Kastner: Say, so where's your depression today.
AnnMarie Terranova: It's
Mary Kastner: 10 being the worst.
AnnMarie Terranova: Today right now.
AnnMarie Terranova: I mean, yesterday I didn't feel so great. But today probably
Catholic
Mary Kastner: You're gonna say five today.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: How about anxiety.
AnnMarie Terranova: Probably like an eight.
Mary Kastner: Okay, more little bit improvement in both but not much.
Mary Kastner: In how about your pain.
AnnMarie Terranova: Like seven
Mary Kastner: That's gone up.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yeah, I don't know why. And it's
AnnMarie Terranova: Most. I don't know if it's because I'm more
AnnMarie Terranova: Like I'm not as active or I'm just not sure
Mary Kastner: But it definitely man, I think.
Mary Kastner: I think that could can increase pain if you're not as active. Yeah.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I noticed you know that myself.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. So how many hours you sleep last night.
AnnMarie Terranova: Gosh, I'm not even
AnnMarie Terranova: Not even side.
Mary Kastner: Okay, what's keeping you from sleeping. Do you think
AnnMarie Terranova: Are you staying up late are
Mary Kastner: You waking up during the mill the night
AnnMarie Terranova: Oh no, it's more, it's
AnnMarie Terranova: More like a camp policy.
AnnMarie Terranova: Like, I feel really
AnnMarie Terranova: Like, I would say that you can say the time when I feel most
AnnMarie Terranova: Anxious most probably
AnnMarie Terranova: I had paid like you know if it's a pain in this
AnnMarie Terranova: In pain and restless like very, very restless and I don't know.
AnnMarie Terranova: I don't
Mary Kastner: Use your mind and going a mile a minute or
Mary Kastner: So turn your thoughts off to relax.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yeah, yeah. It really isn't.
AnnMarie Terranova: It's not a like especially last night. I know the stickers with last couple nights.
AnnMarie Terranova: When I really kind of thought, Okay, I've got, you know, just, you can just relax. Don't worry about anything. Don't think about working in the morning and stuff that just let it go. And I was just super just uncomfortable.
AnnMarie Terranova: Up and down, up and down, up and down, just could not fall asleep to estimate what
AnnMarie Terranova: It's like to play.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh, uh huh. Have you tried anything like hot bath before you go to sleep, or one
AnnMarie Terranova: Actually yes I normally don't do paths, but I take a shower at night before I go to bed every night shower.
AnnMarie Terranova: I do last night was pretty warm, but
AnnMarie Terranova: I do hot apple cider and and that's
AnnMarie Terranova: Good. Yes, yes.
Mary Kastner: How about Cymbalta are you take what time of day are you taking it.
AnnMarie Terranova: So I will take one in the morning and then empty. Other one probably around
AnnMarie Terranova: Well, right before you go to bed. Usually or baby like
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Why don't you take them both.
AnnMarie Terranova: In the morning
Mary Kastner: It could be keeping you awake.
AnnMarie Terranova: Okay, but
Mary Kastner: Let's do you need a refill.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yes, I only had a bridge for the set the checks. So it will be out of that in
AnnMarie Terranova: A day or two.
AnnMarie Terranova: And then I have. Okay, two days of my
AnnMarie Terranova: Con announcement. Let
AnnMarie Terranova: Me check my
AnnMarie Terranova: Fault. Yeah.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yeah, not
Mary Kastner: Funny taking it on as a pan.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
AnnMarie Terranova: Years.
AnnMarie Terranova: Usually I do
AnnMarie Terranova: That
AnnMarie Terranova: Every day I try. I'm trying to
AnnMarie Terranova: Like
Mary Kastner: Really
Just one a day.
Mary Kastner: Pam.
AnnMarie Terranova: Wanted to do
It.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I know, but what are you taking
Mary Kastner: One and a half. Okay, and you think you need that.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then how about the Cymbalta
To
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Do you need to refill.
Yes.
AnnMarie Terranova: I mean, I will but
Mary Kastner: No, you don't need to refill once
Mary Kastner: I will not right now.
AnnMarie Terranova: Okay, so you need to refill.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you need to refill on the NASA Pam.
Mary Kastner: And on the subjects.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And are you able to focus and concentrate at work.
AnnMarie Terranova: A
AnnMarie Terranova: Lot of things are doing myself kind of
AnnMarie Terranova: I mean, since I'm working from home.
AnnMarie Terranova: As long as there's no interruptions and by interruptions.
Mary Kastner: Some calls from work.
AnnMarie Terranova: I honestly, I find myself doing exactly what I do at work, which is just finding and forgetting to take a break and
AnnMarie Terranova: Just
AnnMarie Terranova: go on all day.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Well, it looks like my next person is here.
Mary Kastner: Working. So what we're doing right now is we're going to
Mary Kastner: Take move to Cymbalta all to the morning
Mary Kastner: Um, we're gonna you're gonna try
Mary Kastner: To keep your clonazepam at one and a half.
Mary Kastner: And I'm going to refill that and you're
Mary Kastner: sent me a text. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I've asked them to please contact you.
Mary Kastner: For your
Mary Kastner: For you to therapy. Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: So we have a diagnoses.
Of
Mary Kastner: unspecified anxiety disorder.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yes.
AnnMarie Terranova: And then
Mary Kastner: And you're going to keep
Trying
Mary Kastner: To work on
Mary Kastner: looking for another job because this one's kind of
AnnMarie Terranova: Yes, yes.
Mary Kastner: Yes. And then if this doesn't help with your sleep.
Mary Kastner: I would ask you to let me know so I can get you some for sleep.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: And I'm going to refill both of those meds for you.
Mary Kastner: Anything. Any thoughts or hurting yourself at all or
No.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Well, good luck, lady, any, any new physical problems.
AnnMarie Terranova: You know my hair. My
AnnMarie Terranova: Class before
AnnMarie Terranova: It was
AnnMarie Terranova: Just
AnnMarie Terranova: Like football.
Mary Kastner: Audio
Mary Kastner: What's happening. Yeah. What did you say about any new physical
AnnMarie Terranova: Complaints Oh just
AnnMarie Terranova: It just had more about kind of a bald spot now in the back of my head.
AnnMarie Terranova: So just
AnnMarie Terranova: That's right, yeah. So it was just tear loss and done some mornings are really bad with my hands. I can hardly move my like thinkers. That's really hard. But that's, uh,
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: I remember. So you talk some about that.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yeah, the front
AnnMarie Terranova: milligram
Mary Kastner: You just take you one film in the morning. Right.
AnnMarie Terranova: There tabs.
AnnMarie Terranova: Up just
Mary Kastner: Yet, yeah. So, okay. Yeah, so there's
AnnMarie Terranova: 252 grams a day right now.
AnnMarie Terranova: And I tried to make
Mary Kastner: You take our
AnnMarie Terranova: Total of 10
You're taking
Mary Kastner: Okay, I gotta change this.
Mary Kastner: It's the tablet.
Know why I have that in there differently. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Cabot okay
Mary Kastner: It's two milligram
Mary Kastner: You take it five times a day.
AnnMarie Terranova: Yeah, so to challenge our friends.
Mary Kastner: Okay, for some reason, we had an eight milligram in here and then you took two tabs of the of the two milligrams
AnnMarie Terranova: That would work to
AnnMarie Terranova: What that makes it easier on sleep so I just not matter to me which way it's like
Mary Kastner: Okay, two tabs.
Mary Kastner: In addition to an eight.
Mary Kastner: That doesn't make sense in your you're taking me
Mary Kastner: Is it playing buprenorphine or is it been
Mary Kastner: buprenorphine no locks on
Mary Kastner: His plane. Women are
Mary Kastner: Okay, that's, that's what I'm getting confused at okay so
Mary Kastner: It's a tablet. I've had a film in here.
Mary Kastner: And what time of day are you taking them.
AnnMarie Terranova: I honestly I tried to space them out. Usually it's like one and a half in the morning and then
AnnMarie Terranova: Probably to another late afternoon and then before right before bed one
Mary Kastner: Okay, so do you prefer getting the two milligrams in
AnnMarie Terranova: Instead of a nice enough
To
AnnMarie Terranova: Well, it doesn't matter. It honestly doesn't. So whichever way is easiest or whatever ways
Mary Kastner: That it won't be able to space them out.
AnnMarie Terranova: That's true.
AnnMarie Terranova: It doesn't matter. I can split it into it. It honestly whatever is
AnnMarie Terranova: Easier. I mean, I guess it's kind of nice to see some now.
Mary Kastner: It is nice to space them out.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay, then I'm not gonna do this.
Mary Kastner: So it's a
Mary Kastner: milligram and you're taking five of them a day and I'm just gonna say five over the course of the day.
Yes.
AnnMarie Terranova: Let you
Where you want
Mary Kastner: No, no locks on just a milligram
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: One sibling Glee.
Mary Kastner: Five times a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Mary Kastner: I need to give you quite a few of them in 150 to make a month.
AnnMarie Terranova: I know that's the only like
AnnMarie Terranova: I guess downside to that is
AnnMarie Terranova: You know, that's a, it's a lot to
AnnMarie Terranova: Try and make sure I'm on the right, count, stuff like that.
AnnMarie Terranova: So,
Mary Kastner: Okay, how do you count to make sure you don't take too many
AnnMarie Terranova: I'm usually pretty on that I should use the
AnnMarie Terranova: Weekly dispenser thing that I have. That's like every single day.
AnnMarie Terranova: So,
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Cuz that would be
AnnMarie Terranova: Just to get too many yet normally I'm under which is good because I
AnnMarie Terranova: I I freaked out about that, like being out at the last minute, but no, I'm gonna, I have one of those weekly
AnnMarie Terranova: Or daily ones. So I'm going to use that, but I'm
AnnMarie Terranova: Right on count. Now, so that's good, that's good.
Mary Kastner: Okey dokey. It's in for you.
And I bounce.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so
Mary Kastner: If you don't get with a
Therapist.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, if you don't get with a therapist soon give us a call and otherwise, I need to see you monthly
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And there's always a group. It's a opioid use disorder group or a substance use disorder group at four on Mondays, that you can come into
Mary Kastner: And I'm in there once a month.
Mary Kastner: And I'll be there on the fourth of May, and I believe it's the
AnnMarie Terranova: Night before my birthday.
AnnMarie Terranova: Okay.
AnnMarie Terranova: Hang in there.
AnnMarie Terranova: Thank you. And then if I need to get ahold of you for any reason to buy email. Do I call
Mary Kastner: You call and they get the message to me. Yeah.
AnnMarie Terranova: OK. OK.
Mary Kastner: Ok I
Mary Kastner: Think I hope you're asleep improves. If it doesn't, that's another reason to call
AnnMarie Terranova: Seven taking Tylenol PM lately. And that's not great but that's not me, but helping so
Mary Kastner: Okay.
AnnMarie Terranova: I'll see how it goes. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, maybe moving at all to morning will help
AnnMarie Terranova: Okay, I'll do that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, you take care
AnnMarie Terranova: Thank you, too.
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Hello.
Galaxy A50: Hello.
Mary Kastner: Hi, Dina, how are you
Galaxy A50: Oh, sorry, I didn't realize how loud. You were I'm great. I don't see myself. Can you see me.
Mary Kastner: No, I don't see you. You have to go to your video camera and turn it on.
Galaxy A50: Oh, here we go. Okay. Hi.
Galaxy A50: Hi look good.
Mary Kastner: Well, thank you, thank you. Get your mask off.
Galaxy A50: You may see
Galaxy A50: This is my, this is my spot. This is my that I made.
Mary Kastner: For myself, right.
Galaxy A50: Before right before everything went to shit.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: I actually had a mask on, because I was moving it rocks and it's really easily inhalable
Mary Kastner: Oh, uh huh, uh huh.
Mary Kastner: So, how you doing,
Galaxy A50: My well not very well to be honest but okay with the weather being so hot. I'm getting a lot more like stir crazy than before.
Mary Kastner: You're not seeing clients. Yet are you
Galaxy A50: Know, not really, but I do spend time here because there's air conditioning and, like, for example, this. Can you see my display.
Mary Kastner: Oh, no.
Galaxy A50: Today, yeah, I'm gonna put a little hooks and him.
Galaxy A50: Like hang little things to refute it's just at home. There's too many people, although we do get along. It's too hot and there's too many people and I you can't, it's just the same people driving me crazy. I don't know how freakin Congress to do it.
Galaxy A50: But
Galaxy A50: My ex husband doubt that he sees that the end is near.
Galaxy A50: He is doing everything possible to screw with me.
Galaxy A50: So he sent Hayden to the dumb, for example.
Galaxy A50: In the middle of a pandemic, because the dump is the best place for a child to be and he won't let him. So there's in these things are just simply done to annoy me. There's no other reason behind it.
Galaxy A50: There's so there's school at home now. Actually, let me sit down. So school at home.
Galaxy A50: A child gets his assignment for the week. And he has to communicate with all his teachers at least once, so he could say, Hey, I'm doing okay. It could be in text. It could be an
Galaxy A50: Email, just because I was the first one to remind my kid to do this. He won't let him do it.
Galaxy A50: In a.so weird that he actually started telling him over the phone like as I'm talking to my son.
Galaxy A50: He interrupts and basically tells my son. Oh, you don't. You don't have to do it. Can you believe this.
Galaxy A50: But then, last Saturday. Two days ago. He's old Hayden doesn't want to talk to you. And he's almost 12 I can't make him, so I was like
Galaxy A50: You can't you're an adult, you can handle an almost 12 year old. What are the, what are the chances. You're the better, more responsible parent
Galaxy A50: Right. Isn't that ridiculous. So he was just because my kids said where's dinner. Basically, and dinner wasn't ready until right the time that I was supposed to call which
Galaxy A50: The father should have notified me and rescheduled and there's nothing I can do. Because there's no courts and nobody's going to care because it sounds like such a piddly us problem right so then my son was like, well, of course, I'm going to eat well
Galaxy A50: So he just texted me. I'll talk to you later, not really thinking well his dad just not gonna let him talk to me later. Just because to be a dick. So it took an hour and an involvement of the p deputy sheriff, just to get time from six o'clock, my time to eight o'clock, my time.
Galaxy A50: Isn't that exhausting.
Mary Kastner: Is exhausting.
Galaxy A50: And then the last communication, he had with me the Father. He's like, You know what, I'm done talking about it. I'm right. You're wrong. Deal with it. That's his whole life is trying to prove something to me. I don't know if he doesn't understand that. I don't care about him.
Galaxy A50: I want I don't know why. So at that point, I was like, Oh, is this a pissing contest. I'm sorry. I didn't realize. Yes, Marvin. You're right. You're always right.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's the only way you can deal with them.
Mary Kastner: It seems like in not get into it, you know, just don't avoid the conflict and just try to talk to your son.
Galaxy A50: Well, that's the thing that it's almost impossible because when you when you give him a chance to win if anything it it's like
Galaxy A50: When I shut him down, he turns extremely nasty when I give into him. He feels very like very much like, you know, I, I'm the man and then still, it makes them want to do more stuff because he's you know he's on top of the world. I cannot get this guy to I cannot get rid of.
Mary Kastner: And it's so early.
Mary Kastner: You're not gonna be able to when you're
Mary Kastner: Old, are you sleeping at night.
Mary Kastner: With a dress.
Galaxy A50: Yeah I am, I am, my sleep is fine. There was only like one night that I couldn't sleep right now was just because
Galaxy A50: We have wild animals and they kept turning like by running in they kept turning our signals on and off. It was just weird.
Mary Kastner: So woody Woody. Oh, you mean your, your electricity or
Galaxy A50: Yeah, and the little like if everything goes like like interrogation lifestyle and then you hear like slick something starts recording and she's like, and then you just like, Okay, what is it,
Galaxy A50: And then of course, you look at you look out just to make sure. And you see a huge Coyote And then I'm like, oh,
Mary Kastner: No, not pretty. If you got a dog or cat. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: That's the thing. I think they smell the dog and the cat. But the owners take them in at night, but the dog and the cat Yogi's keep looking.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Marion, yeah. Make sure they're in. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Well how's your mood today. As far as his
Galaxy A50: Depression today is good Saturday was really bad. Oh, I don't suffer from depression.
Mary Kastner: I'm not depressed. What, okay. How about anxiety.
Galaxy A50: Anxiety today's pretty good actually. Yesterday was, of course, like I was playing out all the things that I could say in my head to my ex husband.
Galaxy A50: But i i can't i. It's like I have to get it out of my system right so then I just
Mary Kastner: Kind of
Galaxy A50: Play it out in my head to get that as like the scenario. But then as much as it helps me get it out of my system, it still rises like my you know insights form of the course. So, yesterday was pretty shitty
Galaxy A50: And then I don't know what happened but the roommates that I have. They had a very strange fight at the end of the night and they never fight and it just kind of, I felt really like I didn't belong there.
Galaxy A50: So the song and the better. We're supposed to
Galaxy A50: We're supposed to get our courts are supposed to open the 26 and we're supposed to get the first of available hearings, just because everything shut down right before it was our turn.
Galaxy A50: But it just never ends.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Galaxy A50: Because now the financial has to go through that.
The next night.
Galaxy A50: It's just one damn thing after another.
Mary Kastner: So do you have
Mary Kastner: obsessive thinking about all this that you, you know, thoughts, you just can't get out of your head that are
Mary Kastner: You know, sort of on treating you know your thoughts.
Galaxy A50: I, the thing that I keep thinking about that. It is kind of that I am like mulling over and over in my head is the time that I'm wasting building a teenager, because my kid is not
Galaxy A50: As much as he's not a bad kid at all. He's just starting that company confrontational, whatever. And like on Saturday. I really like we focused on being a gentleman.
Galaxy A50: But it's so hard, because I'm wasting precious time and I'm not
Galaxy A50: The same kind of little citizen that I would have had he been with me the whole time.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, that's definitely situationally stressful with your living situation with your interactions with your ex, and definitely those those thoughts.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, I think the
Mary Kastner: Positive thing you can do is just one day at a time, you know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, any set any side effects from the Latina
Galaxy A50: Know, but something else happened. You remember how I ended up using my kids break I completely overreacted to a police officer who wouldn't. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: And it started because we were up in the air and I started bleeding really bad.
Galaxy A50: Huh, so I'm pretty sure I had another episode like that on Saturday I was losing so much blood like I never my blood pressure never went down and I never felt dizzy or anything. I was getting very thirsty.
Galaxy A50: I lost a ridiculous amount of blood. If I, if I could safely go to the ER.
Galaxy A50: I would have I just because it was the second time it happened.
Galaxy A50: I kind of, at first I was like what the hell and then I'm like,
Galaxy A50: It's probably because I i guess i. It's called a hammer hammer a generic sister. Something I
Galaxy A50: went blank literally because I share a bathroom with somebody, so I can just be there the whole time I was in my room scanning over a trash can and just bleeding, though.
Galaxy A50: It was
Galaxy A50: I swear on my kids.
Galaxy A50: So, and it's this is why I know it's not necessarily a period because then I bled a little bit yesterday and nothing today.
Mary Kastner: Today. So did your behavior change because you when you had the police X incident, you're, you know, you were sort of Maliki yeah
Galaxy A50: Because it. Well, yes, this time because it's already happened before I was more aware. Plus, I wasn't in a public frickin place, you know, with a small child I was at least in my house and
Galaxy A50: At that time it was in the middle of the night and there was nobody around. Which is why I asked my son to go get help.
Galaxy A50: This way, at least if I painted or something, somebody would take care
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Galaxy A50: I
Mary Kastner: Didn't you plan on following up with a GYN when you
Galaxy A50: Can for sure.
Mary Kastner: Things are opened up. Okay. Okay.
Galaxy A50: It's just I got, I did, though. Speaking of depression I did get a little sad because I figured it's probably my one good ovary, giving him.
Galaxy A50: And I really did one for
Galaxy A50: Whatever my friend said that she will. She's very supportive. My well she's not really my friend. Well, she is my friend. She's also my sponsor.
Galaxy A50: And she said she'll try and find me cheap eggs.
Galaxy A50: Like a donor.
Galaxy A50: And just watch
Galaxy A50: One speech, tell me that my ovaries. Just don't produce any more, is what I'm going to meet Mr. Right. And
Galaxy A50: Is it
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I know, I know.
Mary Kastner: Well can you freeze an egg.
Galaxy A50: Well, I should have thought about it earlier. Because right now, no matter what is not going to be good quality a plus i don't really have the money to do that. I was working toward it. At one point, and they they only got dare tell you this, that I already went through this before.
Mary Kastner: I thought so. Yeah, yeah.
Galaxy A50: You only got four, which is why I was thinking, and yes, and then we just kind of stopped because
Galaxy A50: There was nobody to fertilize them. But at that time.
Galaxy A50: But they also said that for as a ridiculously small amount, like
Galaxy A50: Let the actress train wreck lady. They had 35 taken out of her and only one was good quality.
Galaxy A50: And she's waiting on younger than me.
Mary Kastner: Or that's only one you can discuss when you get your GYN and point oh
Mary Kastner: Yeah yeah I don't
Galaxy A50: Do it.
Mary Kastner: Again, one
Mary Kastner: On the one hand, you're doing better. No, depression, except
Mary Kastner: With this one incident.
Mary Kastner: It more anxiety. How you doing with taking the I'll present them and then the to de
Galaxy A50: o le to this fine. I don't know if it's live to door, what I've been drinking a lot of water.
Mary Kastner: I'm thinking it's probably the
Galaxy A50: temperature change. I've been thirsty.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, but not excessively how much water a day do you think
Galaxy A50: Not that much. I'm not a big water drinker, period. So it's just usually I remind myself to drink water, but lately I've been creeping
Mary Kastner: Okay, so, um,
Mary Kastner: Any. Do you need any medication.
Galaxy A50: No, I'm good. I'm, I'm, I'm just what I do need, but I think I need to talk to Dr. Jamison about see my habit is to pull the mask over is
Galaxy A50: I, I, I need to pee in the cup moral my lawyer said that I need to do more drug testing.
Galaxy A50: And that's about it. So I'll
Mary Kastner: Talk to Jason about it.
Galaxy A50: I, I don't know, I feel like
Galaxy A50: What do you think, I don't know. I'm in a very strange mood since since the whole bleeding.
Mary Kastner: Have you been making benzodiazepines.
Galaxy A50: I'm sorry, what are you saying have
Mary Kastner: Been taking any benzodiazepines.
Galaxy A50: I don't know what that is.
Mary Kastner: Well, why are you seeing Dr. Jamison
Galaxy A50: Oh, because of finding an order after hearing came out and my attorney needs another letter for from her because she's kind of like the MD in charge of me because last time she wrote a letter, and that's it. But I thought ben jones isn't that like anti anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Yes.
Galaxy A50: Like Xanax, I've never taken those I think like that. That's why I originally was smoking marijuana is because it's marijuana
Galaxy A50: Is just in and out. What is she testing you.
Mary Kastner: Urine forth
Galaxy A50: Like oh, just the marijuana. Okay. Have you been using any marijuana
Galaxy A50: No, no, just
Galaxy A50: Yet no okay
Mary Kastner: But I need you.
Galaxy A50: Want some more.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
She
Mary Kastner: She just wants more. The lawyer just wants more proof of that.
Galaxy A50: Yeah, exactly, especially with the pandemic that I could, but I'm not doing it just because it takes. I mean, not just because I just want to stay even right now.
Galaxy A50: Not to have you been drinking alcohol.
Mary Kastner: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, so no substances, no marijuana no alcohol.
Galaxy A50: No, I have been smoking a lot of cigarettes.
Mary Kastner: Okay, how many cigarettes.
Galaxy A50: Lately, probably a pack every conveys
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So is that a that's probably a diagnosis. We needs to put on there for us. And it continues.
Mary Kastner: In no alcohol. You said, so if this, you know, gets to the point where you want to try some nicotine replacement. We can certainly do that.
Galaxy A50: I
Galaxy A50: I hate smoking. So yeah, pretty soon.
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. We give you
Galaxy A50: The pet.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, we can give you the patch. We can give you the gum. Have you ever tried Wellbutrin
Galaxy A50: Yeah. So the thing about it is
Galaxy A50: I can I, for whatever reason, I cigarettes. I've stopped and started before and I stopped with no consequences.
Galaxy A50: So I'm keeping that once everything comes down. I'll just stop ago
Mary Kastner: Well, you just let Dr. Jamison, or I know if you want anything for that. And you don't need a tutor and you're not really having any side effects your sleep is good. Um, I would say extreme you know situational anxiety.
Mary Kastner: Still is an issue and, you know, continuing group because you use group very well.
Galaxy A50: Yeah.
Galaxy A50: I feel like you're better than then the other one, to be honest. Yeah, I find it very beneficial.
Mary Kastner: And you know, you can come to both. You can choose one. It's up to you, but let us know what your plan is both of us Jameson myself.
Mary Kastner: And, you know, I'm sorry that you're having to go through all this. It's a, it's incredibly stressful. In addition to, you know, environmentally what we're all going through, you have, you know, you kind of have an enormous stressors. But what I have found is the should have could is don't work.
Mary Kastner: And you know, you just have to keep changing your positive you're thinking to positive thoughts because pretty soon you know they become behaviors. If it's negative, and then your behaviors, you know, can change your personality so
Mary Kastner: You know, work on day at a time. Gratitude positive thoughts and keep letting us know checking in, in group and
Mary Kastner: You know Let me know when you need another refill, or if you decide that you need something in addition to that,
Galaxy A50: Sure. Could I ask a question. This is just, I must have too much time on my hands is there. Is this a disorder of some kind, where a person is not exactly as mature as they should be, for their age, or is it just an external factors.
Mary Kastner: What do you, what do you mean yes mature.
Galaxy A50: I feel that my personal maturity is delayed like i i'm not a 42 year old mature woman, that's for sure.
Galaxy A50: You froze.
Mary Kastner: I don't think so.
I don't agree with you there.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: You there. Yeah, I think.
Mary Kastner: You know what you're suffering from my dear is a, you know, probably some personality issues because of the horrendous, you know,
Mary Kastner: Growing up that you described with your parenting.
Mary Kastner: But also a bipolar.
Mary Kastner: Can you just kind of go up and down with your mood and that is a bipolar disorder to to to disorder. Okay.
Galaxy A50: I would have to talk to you more about the first thing you said, but you probably have another
Mary Kastner: Well, the personality.
Mary Kastner: Can be a diagnoses.
Mary Kastner: That the only way to treat that is, you know, really good long term therapy and, you know, I think you have insight into how your parenting has affected you and you have an ego.
Mary Kastner: That's developed pretty strongly around that. So, you know, that's a strength. So again, what I like to have you do is focus on those strengths
Galaxy A50: Okay, I'll Oh no. Yeah.
Galaxy A50: Just think about it. I will
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I think you're right on there are some personality issues, but you came out of a fire as far as relationships with your parents.
Mary Kastner: Right. And you were survivor, of course, you're gonna have scarring for now.
Galaxy A50: Okay, okay.
Mary Kastner: And keep reading self help books are good, you know, going to therapies. Good.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. Okay.
Galaxy A50: All right.
Mary Kastner: You take care
Galaxy A50: Okay, thank you so much, Mary. Have a good day.
Mary Kastner: You too. Bye bye.
Mary Kastner: Hello.
Mary Kastner: Jason
Galaxy Note10+: Hello.
Galaxy Note10+: How are you, I'm
Galaxy Note10+: Good.
I don't see your video.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I gotta figure out
Mary Kastner: There's a video.
Mary Kastner: Camera at the
Mary Kastner: Bottom of your screen.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, there you go.
Galaxy Note10+: Morning.
Mary Kastner: Good morning, Jason. Right.
Galaxy Note10+: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: And I'm Mary Kastner I'm a nurse practitioner psychiatry.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Is this your first appointment in a you know a video kind of medical appointment.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah. Yes. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So, um, we have that recording and, you know, sometimes I'll kind of talk to the air. It's because I'm talking to this transcriptionist in front of you to kind of clarify that I got the facts right
Mary Kastner: So everything's confidential. Otherwise, um, any questions for me on the process.
Galaxy Note10+: No, you know, one question that's, you know, on my mind is, I, I've been out of my my Prozac for about three days.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, and
Galaxy Note10+: I'm a little nervous that I might, you know, break because I haven't been taken it. I was wondering if I could get a prescription of my Prozac called in at some point.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, your pharmacy is the one on
Mary Kastner: In San refill and
Mary Kastner: CVS sign godliness.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: And what's your dosage of the Prozac.
Galaxy Note10+: 40 milligram pill.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay capsule cycle.
Galaxy Note10+: Oren you take it.
Mary Kastner: Take it daily.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, every morning.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so what else can we do for you today.
Galaxy Note10+: Um,
Galaxy Note10+: That's pretty much it. I just
Galaxy Note10+: I am you've probably seen the notes that I had an event, a few weeks ago.
Galaxy Note10+: I was maybe I should start from the beginning. I work construction for many years. My God was a general contractor. When I was 21 I blew my back out really bad and
Galaxy Note10+: And you know I was around 2000 and I've been on hardcore pain meds. Ever since, you know, I mean, like, really high doses of stuff. I mean like 120 10 milligram methadone tabs, a month, along with 120 30 milligram oxycodone tabs along with 60 value, you know, so I was
Galaxy Note10+: At a high dose for very long.
Galaxy Note10+: And then, you know, we all know the roadmap and where it goes. After that, you know, when
Galaxy Note10+: Things are getting too pricey on the street, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: You move to that heavier stuff. And that's kind of what happened.
Galaxy Note10+: So,
Galaxy Note10+: I went on Suboxone
Mary Kastner: When did you move to heavier stuff.
Mary Kastner: And you get into heroin is that was
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, like the last, the last two years. Yeah, not super heavy but dabbling, you know, while I still have my pills, you know, if I was out of my pills. Maybe I dabble with that for a couple of days until I could get what I needed you know
Galaxy Note10+: Did you ever sleep.
Galaxy Note10+: Yo, yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, that's all.
Mary Kastner: And where would you use it in your body.
Galaxy Note10+: My hands are my arms.
Mary Kastner: Okay, can I see them.
Mary Kastner: Oh, that's your arms.
Okay.
Galaxy Note10+: So, okay, but you know they're not
Mary Kastner: So you have some
Galaxy Note10+: Some
Mary Kastner: Can you hold it out right there.
Mary Kastner: Can you hold out your arm in front of the camera, so I can see it.
Mary Kastner: Okay and so above your anecdotal FOSS on the left there was a little mark. How about it on the right.
Galaxy Note10+: There right there.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, they're
Mary Kastner: Okay, some tracks old. Yeah, sorry.
Galaxy Note10+: Two weeks, two weeks ago I
Galaxy Note10+: I i
Galaxy Note10+: I made a serious judgment and error and I bounced the Suboxone for for a while.
Galaxy Note10+: When went through that withdrawal and then
Galaxy Note10+: Had a lot of trouble sleeping, about a month after that. And so I took a I took a few clonazepam and
Galaxy Note10+: It was kind of like someone hold an arrow back on a boat and just let it go. I was like a heat seeking missile. After that, and you know I I went in and I used and and I overdosed. You know,
Galaxy Note10+: woke up in the hospital.
Galaxy Note10+: And
Mary Kastner: When was that
Galaxy Note10+: Was like a couple weeks ago.
Mary Kastner: Okay. It was that your last use
Galaxy Note10+: What
Mary Kastner: Was that the last time you used any heroin.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. What hospital where you in
Galaxy Note10+: What's uh
Mary Kastner: What hospital. Were you in
Galaxy Note10+: You mean what city.
Mary Kastner: The name of the hospital that they
Mary Kastner: Did you
Galaxy Note10+: Ever in general.
Mary Kastner: And then, did they refer you to us.
Mary Kastner: Yes. So what have you been doing the last two weeks.
Galaxy Note10+: From all of that.
Galaxy Note10+: What's that you're
Galaxy Note10+: A little bit.
Mary Kastner: You haven't had any opioid medicine for two weeks.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh yeah, I'm fine though.
Galaxy Note10+: I'm I didn't go through. I mean, I came home and threw up a bunch, because you know they given me something in my nostril.
Mary Kastner: Did they put you in the hospital.
Galaxy Note10+: No, no, I just woke up in the ER.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: And so for two weeks. You have had no opioids. They didn't get any prescription
Galaxy Note10+: No, no, they gave me like something big like messed up my nose.
Galaxy Note10+: You know, they put something in my nose it like made it all cut up and wrong stuff.
Mary Kastner: So what kind of medicine. Do you take right now.
Galaxy Note10+: Tylenol and 40 milligrams of Prozac.
Mary Kastner: No, no, opiates.
Mary Kastner: You have no
Mary Kastner: You have had a 20 year 22 year history of heavy opioid use
Mary Kastner: And heroin.
Mary Kastner: But for two weeks. You haven't had anything
Galaxy Note10+: Right, right. So like 40 maybe 45 days ago maybe maybe 50 days ago is when I quit Suboxone I went down to my look my lowest dose at the center.
Mary Kastner: Oh you what treatment center.
Galaxy Note10+: Marine treatment center.
Mary Kastner: The name of it is Moran treatment center.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, it's like a methadone clinic, except for I was getting Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Okay, and they gave you Suboxone what was a dose of that.
Galaxy Note10+: So I don't know. You know, I started out at eight or something like that. And I went down to two, you know,
Mary Kastner: Okay then. So now you're off.
Galaxy Note10+: Right, right.
Mary Kastner: Do you want to stay off of the Suboxone
Galaxy Note10+: Yes, I'm don't want to go through that again.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you think stay abstinent from opiates.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I do. You know, I do. I've been riding my bike every day like long distance rides. I did 20 Miles yesterday.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, wow. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: So champagne.
Galaxy Note10+: My pain is is today it's it's elevated because I fell off my bike yesterday pretty hard.
But
Galaxy Note10+: I'm okay. I'm just taking like you know 800 milligrams of Tylenol or whatever but
Galaxy Note10+: I think I'm confident, if
Galaxy Note10+: If I don't take anything else, you know, but I'm scared that like once a year. I'm gonna have this is to where
Galaxy Note10+: I
Galaxy Note10+: Wake up in the hospital or die or something, you know, and that that's not good for me. You know, I don't want to have to worry about that.
Mary Kastner: How long were you using heroin.
Galaxy Note10+: What do you mean how long
Mary Kastner: A day, a week, two weeks, a month, a year, two years,
Mary Kastner: The length of time.
Galaxy Note10+: It was
Galaxy Note10+: It was spotty because I had a doctor given me all those meds. So when I would run out, or if I couldn't get what I needed. Then I would go to something else that would do the trick for cheaper, you know,
Mary Kastner: So now you don't have a doctor, giving you these minutes
Mary Kastner: You're not going to get methadone, you're not getting
Mary Kastner: oxy you're not getting Vika done or Valium.
Galaxy Note10+: No, no, no, hell no. I know I quit that stuff while ago. I've been on Suboxone for over a year.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: You went to Maria and treatment center for over one year on Suboxone
Galaxy Note10+: Right.
Mary Kastner: Right then you had an issue with two weeks ago, using heroin.
Mary Kastner: Is this after you went off the Suboxone
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, after I went through the detox. Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I was all the way off, you know, and I was
Mary Kastner: And so you were on Suboxone a year.
Galaxy Note10+: But you know what, I took in
Galaxy Note10+: So,
Galaxy Note10+: I mean I'm familiar with it, you know, I mean,
Galaxy Note10+: It's good for what it does, but it's hard to get off for that stuff. I mean, just as hard as the other stuff maybe harder. I mean, I was sick for a long time for like solid OxyContin withdrawals for of seven days and then a fever for three or four days. I mean, it was pretty ugly.
Mary Kastner: And so your, your back pain, your back injury that got you into all of this, what specifically, was it
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, what did they call it lumbar bond. Hello, sis.
Galaxy Note10+: I had a collapse vertebrae three Bulging discs.
Galaxy Note10+: They just said kid your back is in bad shape, you know, and once I had that MRI.
Galaxy Note10+: I mean, I could get whatever I wanted. You know,
Mary Kastner: Okay, so tell me. Um, has this been treated in any other way besides the opiates. Did they do back surgery.
Galaxy Note10+: No, no surgeries, just for set joining blocks.
Galaxy Note10+: epidurals
Okay.
Galaxy Note10+: Things like that, you know, like there's kind of surgical but then just injections. But the kind of put you out, you know,
Mary Kastner: So where do you stand with your pain in your back. I did in the fall that you had yesterday.
Mary Kastner: With Dan with that.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, no, I'm pretty I'm pretty good. You know, I'm
Mary Kastner: Good. So do you have confidence that you're able to stay away from opiates.
Galaxy Note10+: Yes.
Galaxy Note10+: But you know i mean i'm still I got I'm trying to do this. I'm trying to cover all my bases. You know, I just doesn't happen again.
Galaxy Note10+: I'm just trying to do everything I can. I mean,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you have an opioid use disorder diagnosis. This is a chronic relapsing disease.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, that's true. It is
Mary Kastner: I'm not certain that
Mary Kastner: Two weeks ago, having used heroin that you're able to go without any kind of medication.
Mary Kastner: Treatment for this disorder.
Galaxy Note10+: Right.
Mary Kastner: Well I don't call it apps medication assisted treatment.
Galaxy Note10+: Right, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Don't call
Mary Kastner: We don't call it that anymore.
Mary Kastner: It's medication based treatment because there's no assist about it. The diagnosis needs medication.
Galaxy Note10+: Hmm.
Mary Kastner: You know,
Mary Kastner: A slip like you had two weeks ago.
Galaxy Note10+: Mm hmm.
Mary Kastner: Can lead to death.
Galaxy Note10+: Right. Right. Yeah, that's basically that's what happened. I mean, I don't really remember. I just remember
Mary Kastner: Taking so I'm recommending them.
Galaxy Note10+: For
Mary Kastner: I'm recommending you stay on the Suboxone
Galaxy Note10+: But I've already done the withdrawal. I can't, I'm not gonna put myself through that again. And I was really slow and doped up on that stuff. It made me high
Galaxy Note10+: I don't want to be high anymore. You know what I mean. I just don't understand. And how did you do on the Methadone did that.
Mary Kastner: Help you any better because both of them are medication based treatment.
Galaxy Note10+: Methadone was dangerous to, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: Not to
Mary Kastner: Well, I am it's my job to tell you that that's our recommendation.
Mary Kastner: Okay, of course, you have to make the decision.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, you have a no locks own rescue kit.
Mary Kastner: Yes. Okay. Is it a expired.
Galaxy Note10+: No, it's not expired. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do no car and one in the dresser.
Mary Kastner: Does someone you live with know how to use it.
Galaxy Note10+: My wife.
Mary Kastner: Okay, she knows how to administer it
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, okay. No, you just spray it up the nose.
Mary Kastner: Oh, okay. Because when you're out overdose. You can administer it yourself. She should start CPR call 911 and give you a spray within a couple minutes even a minute, you can get another spray. If you haven't been revived while
Mary Kastner: While help is, in a way, okay.
Galaxy Note10+: I'm thinking that's what they did.
Galaxy Note10+: The, you know, a couple weeks ago.
Mary Kastner: I know that's what they did. Yeah, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay, so, um, why are you on the Prozac.
Galaxy Note10+: You know, I was while I was using the pain medication heavily and abusing it honestly
Galaxy Note10+: I got, I was really, um, I would get agitated really easily.
Galaxy Note10+: And like, like if I was in the car. We couldn't go fast enough to get there. You know, like, come on, hurry up, hurry up, hurry up. I was just
Galaxy Note10+: I was more
In
Mary Kastner: Okay, so do you have any times when you are really, you know, super hyperactive.
Galaxy Note10+: Know,
Mary Kastner: Or hyper sexual
Mary Kastner: Or what we call it.
Mary Kastner: unrelenting spending with money, you don't have talking too fast thoughts are racing.
Galaxy Note10+: What's that
Mary Kastner: Crowded thinking of too many thoughts in your mind at once.
Galaxy Note10+: Well, yeah, of course.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, of a trauma is true, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: Have a, like a PTSD going on.
From what
Galaxy Note10+: I had to. I have two daughters and
Galaxy Note10+: I've gotten this really brutal custody battle overrun and
Galaxy Note10+: And I was accused of like abusing my kids, somehow, and they brought up charges on me and
Galaxy Note10+: Like can't like 10 cops came into the house like putting handcuffs, you know, took me away. And it really spend a couple days in jail. And I was in a sin and it really kind of it broke. I feel like a broke something inside my mind my head, you know,
Mary Kastner: You keep thinking about that.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh well, come on. Yeah, my kids, you know. Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: This was like 2011
Mary Kastner: Uh huh. So you still have these intrusive thoughts that come into your head about that.
Galaxy Note10+: Well, what I can always tell when my PTSD turn
Galaxy Note10+: The, you know, like I was thinking intersection and car and I will have the exact feeling of like a car rebranding us at the moment you know I get real nervous like something terrible's going to happen any second, you know,
Mary Kastner: Disappears
And
Galaxy Note10+: What's that
Mary Kastner: Does a Prozac help that.
Galaxy Note10+: A
Galaxy Note10+: Yes.
Galaxy Note10+: TSP hasn't turned up. I mean, since I've been
Galaxy Note10+: A couple weeks I've
Galaxy Note10+: Just been riding a bike every day riding my bike 14 to 20 miles and then coming home and sleeping and I mean it's made my
Galaxy Note10+: My, my mental feel much better.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, thank you sleep too much.
Galaxy Note10+: No I don't sleep too much ice I last night I slept all night because I did the 20 mile ride. What other wise if I don't exercise until I sleep.
Galaxy Note10+: Then I'm up all night until like six in the morning, and I'll sleep from, like, six to 1030 or 11 and that messes me all up, you know, it gets my schedule all backwards and that's pretty
Mary Kastner: Has anybody ever told you that that they thought you might have a little mania.
Galaxy Note10+: You know, no. Nobody's
Galaxy Note10+: You know, I've seen a lot of
Galaxy Note10+: counselors and Frank's but
Galaxy Note10+: I've never, I've only gotten the PTSD and the the opioid disorder thing, you know, but
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, I don't ever
Mary Kastner: Do you tackle a lot of projects. You can't finish.
Galaxy Note10+: No, no I I kicked back. You know what I mean.
Galaxy Note10+: I kicked
Mary Kastner: Back and you think that Prozac helps you
Galaxy Note10+: It helps me to not be as aggressive. You know I can. I think I can get maybe kind of manic when I get angry and I continue to talk about whatever's you know going on the argument or whatever.
Galaxy Note10+: But
Mary Kastner: What do you mean, what, how do you get when you get aggressive
Galaxy Note10+: I'm probably i guess i get loud and and uncomfortable to talk to you. I get, you know, it's like a switch goes off or something that's probably as manic as I get when I'm angry, you know,
Mary Kastner: Are you able to see your daughters now.
Galaxy Note10+: No, I haven't talked to them in a few years.
Mary Kastner: So that's still eating on you and it hasn't
Been
Mary Kastner: Did you lose.
It.
Galaxy Note10+: I gave custody back to their mom because I
Galaxy Note10+: Couldn't do that I was going to court for criminal charges and then going to court. The next week for, you know, family court so they haven't going court back to back to back, they were they were playing a mind game with me what they wanted to do was make me break and give the kids back
Galaxy Note10+: They were pretty smart about what they did.
Galaxy Note10+: And I can see that now but but before you know I was so scared. You know, I was afraid I was gonna go prison for the rest of my life, you know, for something I didn't do it if it fucked me up pretty good, you know, really.
Mary Kastner: Did something to them. So how many
Mary Kastner: How many nights to go without sleep a week do you think
Galaxy Note10+: Did you say a week.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm. I did.
Um,
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, so
Galaxy Note10+: I can go every night. But eventually I will fall asleep. The next day for a few hours.
Galaxy Note10+: But then the same thing happens the next night, you know, and I'm like, I can't get any sleep tonight, maybe four nights in a row. And I'll be like, if I sleep tonight. I'm going to, you know, break so that can be kind of difficult mine, my sleep cycle gets a little jacked up
Mary Kastner: And how she made today. Are you depressed at all.
Galaxy Note10+: No, I'm, I'm, I'm really like I'm just tired store and and kind of beat up from the ride. It was a really long. I do my friends. Yes. My friends are are straight kind of guys, you know, and they're all for me exercising right now and and kind of trying to build my body and mind back
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, don't want me
Galaxy Note10+: Doing what I was doing. So everybody that I have around me is like behind me in
Mary Kastner: China attitude.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Yeah. Okay. So Jason. I'm just going to talk a little bit to the to the transcriptions
Mary Kastner: He has a cures that had Suboxone on an eight to three times a day from April 29 to October 11 2019. That was the last
Mary Kastner: Prescription I see for Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Is audit see score was zero, meaning you don't use alcohol.
Galaxy Note10+: No, not anymore I my 20s, I drank. You know, I drink every day and did cocaine every day.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, but
Galaxy Note10+: But, uh,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, once I
Galaxy Note10+: Started blacking out and things like that getting thrown out of bars. I just decided that that was a wrap for that.
Mary Kastner: Okay, no more cocaine. When's the last time you had any cocaine.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, it's been a while.
Galaxy Note10+: You know,
Galaxy Note10+: I don't know. You know, I've done it all.
Mary Kastner: LSD ecstasy methamphetamine.
Mary Kastner: Is that what you mean.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: All in your 20s.
Galaxy Note10+: I mean, from when I was in high school. Yeah, I mean,
Mary Kastner: You know, high school, the 20s. Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm his das 10 score was seven. Are you a smoker.
Galaxy Note10+: What
Mary Kastner: Do you
Mary Kastner: Like eating.
Galaxy Note10+: Yes.
Galaxy Note10+: Mommy now.
Galaxy Note10+: Now that I've been exercising every day. I'm not a maybe smoking like wait maybe one or two cigarettes a day.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, I had
Mary Kastner: Ok ok I
Mary Kastner: Can hear you breaking up.
Oh,
Galaxy Note10+: Can you hear me now.
Yep.
Galaxy Note10+: Um,
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I, I do some smoke since I was like 10 years old.
Mary Kastner: But he said missed one or two a day.
Galaxy Note10+: Else or two before I smoked a lot more
Galaxy Note10+: Especially when I was using
Mary Kastner: Drinking alcohol pH q nine is 13 showing moderate depression. But you tell me you're not depressed today.
Mary Kastner: No, no. Depression 10 being the most depressed. You been, where would you rate it
Mary Kastner: 0100 okay and then GA d seven is six, which is mild anxiety and you told me zero anxiety to correct
Galaxy Note10+: We're right now yeah I'm I'm feeling okay
Mary Kastner: Okay, and what's your pain level right now.
Galaxy Note10+: I mean,
Mary Kastner: 10 being the worst pain you've ever had.
Galaxy Note10+: A one.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+: Good. Maybe, maybe, maybe a two. I mean, I've had a couple skin grafts surgeries. I know what real pain is, you know,
Mary Kastner: Yeah, how can we had those
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, I had a
Galaxy Note10+: An e cigarette battery explode in my pocket of my jeans and I got
Galaxy Note10+: Like 30%
Galaxy Note10+: Burn on my back of the front of my thigh around to the back and all the way down the back of my knee so they have the skin graph from my right leg, you know, so I've got doubled the scar. It shows pretty rough. That was a
Galaxy Note10+: That was a few weeks in the hospital on that one.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, when was that
Galaxy Note10+: March 4 of last year, no marks marks fourth was my birthday. The fifth
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okey dokey.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Wow. It's not bothering you anymore.
Galaxy Note10+: Just. It's just a little when
Galaxy Note10+: You know, behind the name, but they did a pretty good job, you know, the surgeons. They did well.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Super. Okay, so, um,
Mary Kastner: What I'm gonna do is ask you some questions to get you into our system and then we'll be glad to.
Mary Kastner: refill your Prozac.
Mary Kastner: So hang in there with me, if you will.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, sure.
Mary Kastner: Anybody in your family with any medical or psychiatric problems.
Galaxy Note10+: You know down maybe down the line on my mom's side there's some diabetes and some mental health issues. I think she's got a nice or something that has some kind of skits of stuff going on. You know what she's real paranoid. Good. Okay, like mix up crazy stuff, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: My stuff's all real. You know, it's not made up.
Mary Kastner: substance abuse issues and both your parents.
Mary Kastner: Your parents or your siblings any issues.
Galaxy Note10+: You know, yeah, maybe you know i don't know my dad.
Galaxy Note10+: I found drugs in the house as a kid.
Galaxy Note10+: You know, so that kind of got me roll.
Galaxy Note10+: Mm hmm. If you know I mean when I put my parents, my dad.
Galaxy Note10+: That's
Galaxy Note10+: What kind of drugs.
Mary Kastner: pain pills.
Galaxy Note10+: Are you breaking up oh my god side maybe that would be better.
Mary Kastner: So I would mean that he's a very poor historian
Mary Kastner: And minimizing of his symptoms.
Galaxy Note10+: Are you there.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, I'm here. Can you hear me. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, can you tell me. Yeah, I think that you're minimizing your opioid use disorder.
Mary Kastner: And you've been offered treatment and you're refusing at this point, which is fine. Like I said, it's your choice.
Galaxy Note10+: I think it's your it's your phone that's cutting out
Mary Kastner: Is it let me know that I can try.
Mary Kastner: To work on it.
Mary Kastner: So tell me any substance use issues, you said you you found drugs in the house when you were little. What do you mean by that.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I mean I can't just sounds like robot. No.
Mary Kastner: I can hear you better out there, you can't hear me.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: sounds funny, I can't move. I heard you say, I can hear. And then that was it.
Mary Kastner: Okay, I'm gonna unplug my headphone and re plugging in.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Can you hear me now.
Mary Kastner: Is that better.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, much
Mary Kastner: Okay, sorry about that. I don't know what happened but I just unplugged my your phone. Okay, so give me a family history of any medical or psychiatric problems or substance use.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I think maybe my dad. Yeah, he was he was taking painkillers and and and
Galaxy Note10+: Doing cocaine.
Mary Kastner: Okay, he was taking something I didn't hear and cocaine.
Galaxy Note10+: Bo painkillers Norco
Mary Kastner: Painkillers okay more Narcos okay
Mary Kastner: And you think your mother. Nice has schizophrenia.
Mary Kastner: Any medical psychiatric problems with your parents or your siblings.
Galaxy Note10+: Know,
Mary Kastner: grandma and grandpa, aunts, uncles and cousins of it in that one nice of your mother's so
Galaxy Note10+: My grandfather had rheumatoid arthritis.
Mary Kastner: So your father, my
Dad.
Galaxy Note10+: No, no, my mom's my dad was adopted. So we don't really know what's going on back.
Mary Kastner: Okay, understand that. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay. Have you had any person you had any thoughts to hurt yourself or anybody else.
Galaxy Note10+: Only after the events that I had a few weeks ago, I was pretty bummed out about that. And so I had a thought one thought and that was it. You know, it wasn't like I was gonna do anything. It was just, you know, I think everybody kind of has those thoughts at some point in their life.
Mary Kastner: Do you have access to firearms.
Galaxy Note10+: No.
Mary Kastner: No. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Galaxy Note10+: Medical history or
Mary Kastner: Medical history, other than your, your back.
Mary Kastner: Incident.
Mary Kastner: And your graphs.
Galaxy Note10+: I had a couple of high speed motorcycle accidents.
Galaxy Note10+: You know that sent me to the ER with shatter collarbones, things like that, you know, which which added to my pain killer use, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah yeah what
Mary Kastner: What other kind of bone problems, besides a back in the collarbone.
Galaxy Note10+: Um,
Galaxy Note10+: Shattered collarbone. I just had a few broken promise. That's about it. But play pretty hard, I guess, take a lot of risks or I used to
Galaxy Note10+: When I was riding my motorcycle, but
Mary Kastner: Any other what other bones are you talking about
Galaxy Note10+: Um I broken both the clavicle.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay so shattered my life and in clean broke my right.
Galaxy Note10+: And then the, you know, fingers and toes. Okay.
Mary Kastner: And have you ever had any head trauma, where you lost consciousness.
Galaxy Note10+: But I don't think I've ever been knocked out, but I'm sure there's probably been some slight head trauma with, you know,
Mary Kastner: Any seizures.
Galaxy Note10+: No, no.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your vision.
Galaxy Note10+: You know, now that I'm off this shit I I noticed I can't read labels up close anymore so blurry.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so do you have access to an eye doctor to get an exam.
Galaxy Note10+: Well, not right now because everybody's weird around here.
Mary Kastner: Right, right. But
Mary Kastner: You could go with with this thing let up.
Galaxy Note10+: Right, I could go to sing let up. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Do you have headaches.
Mary Kastner: You know how often, how often you get headaches.
Galaxy Note10+: I guess I don't eat or
Galaxy Note10+: If I don't hydrated enough. I guess I get a headache.
Galaxy Note10+: When I come back from a bike ride or something like that. But I just I just take some Tylenol, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: How many Tylenol. Do you take a day.
Galaxy Note10+: How many Tylenol.
Mary Kastner: Is it regular strength or X extra strength.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, they're just 325
Okay.
Galaxy Note10+: Maybe six a day, maybe, maybe, maybe nine
Galaxy Note10+: You know, Morning, noon and night.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Well, they don't they don't want it to go over 3000 because of the liver function just be caught. Be cautious about that.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah I i'm I'm aware of that and I think about that now. Or I never did when I would know.
Galaxy Note10+: I take a handful of bacon or something and I never really thought about it.
Mary Kastner: And we put in some lab borders for you. So if you could call in, let us know what lab you're going to go to to get those done I'd appreciate it. Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: I'm sure be quest on South Elise do
Mary Kastner: On on what
Galaxy Note10+: South elite CEO, Dr.
Mary Kastner: How do you, how do you spell that
Galaxy Note10+: So he
Galaxy Note10+: Ll e. So Lucille I oh I oh yes
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, I see. Oh, yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and that's in San Rafael
Galaxy Note10+: Is in green, red
Mary Kastner: Green brain. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so please get that done when you can in there, open and I'll ask staff to send that to them.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any hearing
Mary Kastner: Problems, other than our problem with connection today.
Galaxy Note10+: Haha, you know, I'm a little bit my ears ring, you know, PTSD turns up my ears ring real loud. You know, loud so loud that it's hard to kind of even a function, sometimes
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Well, are you, are you allergic to anything.
Galaxy Note10+: No.
Mary Kastner: No medicines, no foods know seasonal
Galaxy Note10+: Just narcotics.
Mary Kastner: Good.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with your mouth or teeth or your sinuses.
Galaxy Note10+: Caps or crowds of run
Uh huh.
Mary Kastner: Are you flossing cuz it history of the long opioid use can really do something to your bone structure, have you
Galaxy Note10+: Got that. Right. Yeah. The teeth are fragile when it comes to that kind of stuff de
Mary Kastner: Los
Galaxy Note10+: I do. Yeah. APPLAUSE I brush. I mean, you know,
Mary Kastner: I didn't last time you saw Dennis.
I'm
Galaxy Note10+: Six months.
Mary Kastner: Okay, good.
Mary Kastner: Job with your stomach.
Mary Kastner: Also
Mary Kastner: Heartburn
Galaxy Note10+: No.
Mary Kastner: Okay need constipation frequent diarrhea.
Galaxy Note10+: No, not only when I was getting off of that Suboxone
Mary Kastner: Any history of heart problems, hypertension,
Mary Kastner: A with me is
Galaxy Note10+: I've quit a few times, you know, like in this process of trying to abstain, and
Galaxy Note10+: That those are the kind of issues I have when I'm trying to break free.
Galaxy Note10+: You know, and my body's gone through a big change. But now that no I'm not really having any and his
Galaxy Note10+: Stomach okay digestive issues.
Mary Kastner: They don't have with breathing.
Mary Kastner: Frequent pneumonias or bronchitis or asthma.
Galaxy Note10+: I had a typical pneumonia.
Galaxy Note10+: A couple years ago, never put me in the hospital for they put a gave me
Galaxy Note10+: I couldn't remember it before. I'm sorry. They put a like they call it a pigtail drain my back into my lungs and
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I was using at that time. That's probably why that happened.
Mary Kastner: Nothing now.
Galaxy Note10+: No, I'm good.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with system kidneys.
Galaxy Note10+: No, not
Galaxy Note10+: Not as far as I can.
Tell
Mary Kastner: Attract in your left arm. Any other skin issues.
Galaxy Note10+: A little bit of psoriasis, but it's not as bad as my mom's
Mary Kastner: Okay, so she has psoriasis and you have it. Where do you break out
Mary Kastner: Jason
Galaxy Note10+: Kidd ask you a question.
Galaxy Note10+: Can you hear me.
Mary Kastner: Yes, I can hear you.
Um,
Galaxy Note10+: General WAS TALKING ABOUT THIS THIS DRUG pro press Olson for like this.
Galaxy Note10+: These nightmares that I've been having
Mary Kastner: A. Have you heard of that.
Mary Kastner: Yes I yeah
Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: So a lot of times I'll you know yell profanities or
Galaxy Note10+: You know, just yell out in my sleep, you know, my wife has to kind of make me chill out.
Galaxy Note10+: So I don't know what that you know what that's wrong, but you know I have nightmares about all kinds of different stuff just using
Mary Kastner: Yes, we, we can order that for you. You would need to get a blood pressure monitor and be able to take your pulse.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, I'm gonna go back to
Galaxy Note10+: What would you say
Mary Kastner: Would need to
Mary Kastner: Have a blood pressure cuff.
Mary Kastner: And be able to take your pulse in your blood pressure.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh yeah, I can do that with my phone.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so do you mind do that for me. No.
Galaxy Note10+: No, no, I did last night. Now, it was good.
Mary Kastner: Do you know what it was.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I think it was like it was when I came back from her. I was like 90 beats a minute you know it was going, but
Galaxy Note10+: It's not high right now. I can tell when it's high. I can feel it in my neck. You know, I could feel my carotid artery.
Mary Kastner: Feeling funny. Does it take your blood pressure.
Mary Kastner: You
Galaxy Note10+: Think happened in a long time.
Mary Kastner: Okay, so you need to be able to monitor both your blood pressure and your pulse. And yes, we can get you to listen.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, what does that
Galaxy Note10+: You know,
Galaxy Note10+: Don't
Mary Kastner: Use an alpha blocker.
Mary Kastner: In the thought is that it it prevents the physical reaction of the stressor or the trauma from happening that causes you know some of the behavioral in the psychological to follow. So that's what it is.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any trouble is,
Galaxy Note10+: It. Good.
Mary Kastner: It can lower your blood pressure in your post. That's why I want you to monitor those
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you have any trouble with your thyroid
Mary Kastner: History of diagnosis or any
Galaxy Note10+: Maybe I mean my feet. They kind of tingle and burn at night, my hands to my palms.
Mary Kastner: Any trouble with diabetes.
Galaxy Note10+: I don't know I maybe pre i don't i don't know maybe the blood work will come back.
Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, please get the blood work done.
Mary Kastner: You ever been told you have diabetes.
Galaxy Note10+: No, no, no.
Mary Kastner: ANY INFECTIOUS DISEASES STDs HIV, hepatitis tuberculosis.
Galaxy Note10+: No, I came up clean on those
Okay.
Mary Kastner: I'm
Galaxy Note10+: Just me at the treatment center. Good.
Mary Kastner: Good, good, good, good.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So, going on to finish this history and physical so we can get you started in our program here, and you've had surgeries on your thigh. Any other surgeries.
Galaxy Note10+: Any in his
Galaxy Note10+: Razor injuries.
Mary Kastner: Surgeries you had surgery for the graphs.
Galaxy Note10+: Did you have a surprise.
Galaxy Note10+: And then I guess surgical injection
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+: That's
Mary Kastner: How did they did. They set your collarbone with surgery or
Galaxy Note10+: No, they
Galaxy Note10+: Biggest immobilized me and the bones were the tips of the bones were touching each other. So they said they asked Moses would heal them.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and then we born and raised in C and
resell
Galaxy Note10+: Boston and some oh yeah the next town over
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, very simple County.
Mary Kastner: And you played football in high school.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Did you finish high school
Galaxy Note10+: Yes.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then, did you get any post high school training.
Galaxy Note10+: No.
Galaxy Note10+: Trades
Mary Kastner: Okay. So, did you get any trade training with the Union or anything.
Galaxy Note10+: I did a little bit of that. Yes.
Galaxy Note10+: But most of my stuff was, you know, like a lead Carpenter situation.
You know,
Galaxy Note10+: Which was
Galaxy Note10+: You know, would have been better to be in the Union, but the money was better freelance, you know. So I stayed with one company for you know 12 years or something and just ran all the jobs but
Galaxy Note10+: It would have been nice to have some
Galaxy Note10+: Taxes taken out and stuff like that, you know, that would have been good.
Mary Kastner: Right, right. How you doing with employment right now.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh, I'm not worried about that right now. I'm worried about you know
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay. And you're married, and you have two daughters by previous marriage. How's your present relationship.
Galaxy Note10+: It's, it's very good. My wife is a case worker for the Gilead house. No, no. For for Ritter center now and
Galaxy Note10+: She's just some kind of outreach program, but she's, she's very like book smart.
Galaxy Note10+: Kind of the opposite of me.
Galaxy Note10+: But she understands what's she's worked at treatment centers, stuff like that. She kind of gets it.
Mary Kastner: You know what I mean. Okay. Okay. And you have good buddies. It seems like did you did you think you had any trouble in high school with grades and focus and concentration and behavior.
Galaxy Note10+: Definitely
Mary Kastner: You think you might have had attention deficit disorder.
Galaxy Note10+: I don't know. You know, I don't know.
Galaxy Note10+: Haiti. Now, yes, but
Galaxy Note10+: I was just, yeah, I was a wild kid, you know, that's yeah i was i was
Galaxy Note10+: I was a bad boy. Yes, you know, right now, can you focus on like reading a book.
Galaxy Note10+: If I need to rebuild my transmission or something like that. I can do that from book, but I don't read, you know, fiction and stuff like that.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: I just can't retain the information. Well,
Mary Kastner: Okay, can you
Mary Kastner: Can you sit through a movie.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh yeah, that's all I do.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Galaxy Note10+: I'm not on the bike. I'm watching TV.
Mary Kastner: Okay, and you can follow the storyline and everything.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, okay.
Mary Kastner: Any. Do you have any outstanding legal issues.
Mary Kastner: No, no. Did you ever go into the military.
Galaxy Note10+: No, that wouldn't have been for me and
Mary Kastner: Are you do you use a seat belts. When you're in a car.
Galaxy Note10+: Yes.
Okay.
Mary Kastner: So right now, are you having any physical issues that you're concerned about other than the kind of recurrent pain from the fall yesterday.
Galaxy Note10+: No, I'm just sore and tired from riding my bicycle. Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Okay. And then, do you know how much you weigh
Galaxy Note10+: No, I'm not. I haven't weighed myself in a few weeks, but I'm probably around like
Mary Kastner: And how tall are you,
Mary Kastner: 62 and are you eating three meals a day that are nutritious.
Know,
Galaxy Note10+: I
Galaxy Note10+: Get up about 10 and I drink a protein shake. And then I get on my bike and I go long distances and then
Galaxy Note10+: And then when I come home I you know tuna fish something, you know, with Nala fat.
Galaxy Note10+: Maybe another protein shake. Maybe you know eggs or something like that, but not, you know, not a lot of
Galaxy Note10+: Like breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Mary Kastner: Okay, sounds Okay to me.
Mary Kastner: Kind of
Galaxy Note10+: Cut a little bit of a little bit of body fat, you know, get a little bit tighter.
Mary Kastner: Are you able to
Mary Kastner: Get into the shower every day and feel good about, you know, grooming and everything.
Galaxy Note10+: I mean, I don't know yet. You know, I'm looking okay I
Mary Kastner: Like it, I love it. Yeah, I think your beard is well trimmed. Okay.
Mary Kastner: So as far as mental status. He's functionally independent for self care is he thinks he had some trouble with focus and concentration. Do you know today's date.
Mary Kastner: Jason
Mary Kastner: Can hear you, Jason.
Mary Kastner: Jason, are you there.
Mary Kastner: Something happened to the connection can hear you.
Mary Kastner: Maybe he'll call back in
Mary Kastner: So I don't know about its memory, but he's
Mary Kastner: Going in today. I believe in has some trouble focusing concentration is constantly moving his mood and an effect or you dynamic he appears to stay today as well groomed well trim beard.
Mary Kastner: Speech rate and volume are coherent, there's some paucity and in that he pauses to find thought that he's going to express thought processes are appropriate for agent development when normal content logical
Mary Kastner: Can be circumstantial at times.
Mary Kastner: No hallucinations and delusions insight and self reflection on today's issue.
Mary Kastner: I think he's minimizing
Mary Kastner: Seem to be
Mary Kastner: Inadequate
Mary Kastner: As far as diagnoses. I'd put him down as bipolar, too.
Mary Kastner: And adult attention deficit disorder.
Mary Kastner: I would put him in opioid use disorder in very new remission.
Mary Kastner: And PTSD.
Mary Kastner: I'm going to prescribe the processing probably one milligram
Mary Kastner: And a daily and I will try to encourage him to start something like with him if he ever comes back before I continue the Prozac. I'm going to ask him to get his labs done and to
Mary Kastner: reappoint in two weeks before we put them into a group
Mary Kastner: The objective is to help him sleep.
Mary Kastner: on a routine basis.
Mary Kastner: To lower his risk taking behavior.
Mary Kastner: prevent relapse on opioids.
Mary Kastner: And
Mary Kastner: Keep him comfortable as far as pain.
Mary Kastner: Hello, Jason. Are you there.
Mary Kastner: Jason
Galaxy Note10+: I'm so sorry, my phone died and
Mary Kastner: Okay, I knew something to happen.
Mary Kastner: So I was asking you how you thought your memory was
Galaxy Note10+: Not
Mary Kastner: Well anymore. Okay, so, um,
Mary Kastner: Do you feel that
Galaxy Note10+: It's coming back.
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Do you feel like
Mary Kastner: You could be suicidal again.
Galaxy Note10+: I mean you know that's hypothetical. I mean, what does that do
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Galaxy Note10+: I can't gauge what's gonna happen in the future, you know, that's why I'm trying to do this.
Mary Kastner: Mm hmm.
Galaxy Note10+: Ever if I was gonna do that. I would have
Galaxy Note10+: Done that in 2011
Mary Kastner: So suicide risk assessment is a
Mary Kastner: Moderate because you're male, and you did have some ideation right after the relapse.
Mary Kastner: Do you have a suicide risk suicide hotline telephone number.
Mary Kastner: Jason
Mary Kastner: We've had difficulty, along with our connection, we should probably be put in the note.
Mary Kastner: Hello, so a 30 minute intake is taking me an hour.
Mary Kastner: So I'm just gonna, if I can get him back. I would
Mary Kastner: Continue with the plan that I had
Mary Kastner: Jason
Mary Kastner: Jason. Yes. Do you have the suicide crisis hotline telephone number.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Is it in your phone is in handy.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah yeah 911 no
Mary Kastner: No, I want you to write it down. I'm going to give it to you.
Galaxy Note10+: Oh no, it's fine. If I was going to do that. I wouldn't call anyone so just. All right.
Galaxy Note10+: Hey, how
Galaxy Note10+: Do you have your plan.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, that's fun. Take it off.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: You've done something you're not happy about.
Mary Kastner: So I want you to write it down again. Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, it's one 802 738 to five, five
Galaxy Note10+: You know,
Galaxy Note10+: I'm not gonna call it, but okay. Thank you.
Mary Kastner: Um,
Mary Kastner: Anyway, to share with you my thoughts. Uh, I think that you have a bipolar two disorder. It's hard to, it's hard to tell because probably as many times as you have
Mary Kastner: As many years as you've been using opioids. It's going to take them many years to get you cleared enough so we know what your baseline is
Galaxy Note10+: You see,
Mary Kastner: So it's hard to tell.
Mary Kastner: I also think there's a possibility of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder which we could help you with some medication with both of these things. I think you have PTSD and I think you have an opioid use disorder in new very new remission.
Mary Kastner: Um, so I have no problem with giving you the processing for the night. Mears I would not want to restart the Prozac unless we had a mood stabilizer on board.
Mary Kastner: Is my goal is to get you sleeping routinely every night a minimum of six hours on interrupted and to keep you, you know, in a fear mood, like you are today, but to lower any kind of risk taking behaviors that you might have that could lead to injury self injury.
Galaxy Note10+: Right. Um,
Mary Kastner: And of course keep you comfortable because pain is going to cause you to want to use again. So we want to have a goal would be to maintain your abstinence and to maintain your comfort.
Mary Kastner: So,
Mary Kastner: I would recommend something like lithium.
Mary Kastner: Who, it's a normal mineral in the body. People that are not bipolar to their full bipolar, they can take up to 1500 2000 3000 milligrams, what I would recommend is 300
Mary Kastner: And you just see if it helps with some of those objectives of getting you to sleep.
Mary Kastner: Retaining keeping your mood stable.
Mary Kastner: And not not having any kind of irritability or
Mary Kastner: You know, there are other things we can use, but it is the best antidepressant out there, it
Mary Kastner: may not even need the Prozac.
Mary Kastner: Prozac. It's going to be in your system for about six weeks. So you're not going to feel any withdrawal from it for a while, but then you may, you know you met me your mood may drop and I don't
Mary Kastner: Think it's wise to give you an antidepressant without a mood stabilizer on board.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, so what would the mood stabilizer beat the lithium.
Mary Kastner: Lithium. Yeah, very low dose.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, I'm talking like really, I'm very anti drug right now.
Mary Kastner: Because, oh, you are. This is a mineral in the body, it's, it's on the periodic table. We all have lithium in our system.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So that's my idea.
Mary Kastner: Another idea. There are other
Mary Kastner: mood stabilizers, we can use but
Mary Kastner: This is the natural one
Galaxy Note10+: Lithium just scares the crap out of me because I've known people that have taken it and they were really nuts, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: Well, that's why. That's why I said bipolar too and I didn't say 1500 milligrams, or, you know,
Galaxy Note10+: Okay. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, I'll
Galaxy Note10+: Take your advice and and do whatever you say you know
Mary Kastner: Then if you're on lithium. One of the things that we do with the labs, is we make sure that your kidney functions. I'm fine. In that your thyroid, which is a routine lab anyway because we want to check that for depression.
Mary Kastner: The VM is a salt. So it is excluded by the kidneys. So we have to make sure your kidneys functioning well
Mary Kastner: If you like it, and you think it might be helping a little bit or if it's not doing anything. We may have to increase it. And in that case, we need to get lithium level in your blood. We need to get a blood test for that.
Mary Kastner: If you sweat a lot
Mary Kastner: And you don't hydrate like on these long bike rides, or you're out doing some kind of work where you're sweating a lot. You have to stay hydrated.
Mary Kastner: Because again,
Mary Kastner: If you're dehydrated, guess what happens to the lithium.
Galaxy Note10+: swept out
Mary Kastner: Yeah, goes up.
Galaxy Note10+: It goes up.
Mary Kastner: And then you wind up with toxicity.
Galaxy Note10+: No, that's not good.
Mary Kastner: And that can affect you in many ways, including
Mary Kastner: The big sinus diarrhea.
Mary Kastner: And nausea. So, but it can do other things too. So you always have to stay hydrated on lithium and there's no way you can take things like an inset
Mary Kastner: With Nonsteroidal anti inflammatory. So the Tylenol would be better, which is what
Galaxy Note10+: I don't, I
Galaxy Note10+: Don't take Advil or ibuprofen really because it makes my ears bring more
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and that's another good thing you can't take that with lithium. OK.
Mary Kastner: Ok ok so the order the processing in the lithium. I want to see you in two weeks and then we'll determine. Well, actually, I'd like to see you in a week after you start the lithium.
Mary Kastner: And then we'll determine whether or not we need to stay there or go up in the dose. I want to look at your labs and review them with you. So you'll go to get your labs before that.
Week appointment.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay. Okay, any other questions, you know, eventually we may want to start you on something for the attention deficit.
Mary Kastner: So you can focus a little bit more. That's up to you.
Mary Kastner: But I
Mary Kastner: Don't want to do that or the Prozac with out giving you a mood stabilizer. First, I think it's dangerous.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, what about mean not taking the Prozac anymore. What's going on with that you said Dan my body, a long time.
Mary Kastner: Six weeks. Yeah, we'll know how your mood is you may not even need it. The lithium made do what you need.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay, yeah, I'll give it a shot.
Mary Kastner: And like I said, if you don't like this. There are certainly other medications that we could try
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: I always start with this because it's as old as the is we started using it in 1950s.
Mary Kastner: So we have a lot of data.
Mary Kastner: About how well it works.
Mary Kastner: You want to
Mary Kastner: If this makes you nauseated. You need to let me know I'm
Mary Kastner: take it with food.
Mary Kastner: So I'm going to give you 150 milligrams
Mary Kastner: In your take one for a couple days and then you'll go to two
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Now the process and we can start at one. But again, if it's not helping you within nightmares. You can go up to as long as you're
Mary Kastner: monitoring your blood pressure in your course.
Galaxy Note10+: All right.
Mary Kastner: And I could usually people take it a bit time
Mary Kastner: And the same with the lithium.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, any
Mary Kastner: Any kind of hint that you're going to relapse.
Mary Kastner: And hint.
Galaxy Note10+: You, God will
Mary Kastner: You Paul and we will get you into a medication.
Mary Kastner: Treatment
Remember,
Mary Kastner: What I said this is a chronic relapsing disease that is life threatening.
Galaxy Note10+: Yeah, that's true.
Mary Kastner: Yeah.
Mary Kastner: Well, for Pete's sake. They didn't put in any of your lab orders. Oh.
Mary Kastner: makes me mad.
Mary Kastner: Why don't you wait till you've gotten to to have the lithium.
Mary Kastner: Before you get your labs done
Mary Kastner: Okay.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: So you can take one lithium.
Mary Kastner: A day for two days. And you're going to go to two for two days and then get your labs done
Galaxy Note10+: All right. Okay. And it'll be on the bottle to
Mary Kastner: The labs will not be on the bottle. No.
Galaxy Note10+: No, I mean the
Mary Kastner: The directions. Right.
Mary Kastner: Yeah. Okay, any questions for me.
Galaxy Note10+: No process in just take one at bedtime. When I take the lithium.
Mary Kastner: Yeah, if it's doing nothing, which you probably won't do meaning with the nightmares.
Mary Kastner: Then you can go to
Mary Kastner: Lunch.
Mary Kastner: On into your pulse and blood pressure.
Mary Kastner: Okay, make an appointment with me in one week.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay. And how do I achieve that the
Mary Kastner: Appointment call back into
Mary Kastner: To the front desk and tell them to send your lab orders and make an appointment with me in a week.
Galaxy Note10+: Okay.
Mary Kastner: Okay, Jason.
Galaxy Note10+: Are tools center right
Mary Kastner: Yeah, and our virtual front desk.
Mary Kastner: Okay, okay.
Galaxy Note10+: Thank you.
Galaxy Note10+: You're welcome. Okay, bye bye
Mary Kastner: Bye bye.